# FAQ & Common Issues

Firstly, check the [issues page](https://github.com/svioletg/viMusBot/issues) to see if your problem has already been reported or solved.

### Why am I getting a `KeyError` after updating?

The update likely added new options to its configuration, and they're missing from your `config.yml` file. See **How do I update my config?** below.

### How do I update my config?

Sometimes, updates may come with new configuration options that are required for the bot to function. The [changelog](https://github.com/svioletg/viMusBot/blob/master/changelog.md) will list any new options and what type they are. Defaults can be found in `config_default.yml`. If there are forward slashes in the name, it means that option is contained within another option, like a folder. For example, if you see `logging-options/show-verbose-logs`, that means it should look something like this in the YAML file:

```
logging-options:
    show-verbose-logs: yes
```

Alternatively, you can download the `config_default.yml` for the version you're running, replace your `config.yml` with it, and modify things as you see fit.

### Trying to queue a Spotify playlist results in a "Command raised an exception: SpotifyException: http status: 404..." message

This is normally caused by the playlist being something dynamically generated by Spotify, like a Blend playlist. I'm looking into this, but as a workaround in the interim you can manually make a new playlist and add the Blend's tracks to it, and then play that with the bot - if you're on desktop, Spotify allows you to shift-click tracks (and Ctrl+A for everything) to make this easier.

### YouTube links download extremely slowly, sometimes multiple minutes for one small file

Firstly, check the internet connection of wherever you're hosting the bot from. If the connection itself doesn't look like the cause, you can try updating the `yt_dlp` package (`pip install -U yt_dlp`) - usually any throttling from YouTube will be fixed by them soon after.

### "Spotify link detected, searching YouTube..." message displayed for a long time

When the boy detects a Spotify link in the queue, it will attempt to match it to a song or video from YouTube. Sometimes the bot can get stuck during this process, so if this message has lasted for upwards of a minute, you can use the `-skip` command to ignore that track and move to the next one.

### "AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'is_playing'" or similar messages appear when trying to use `-play`, `-nowplaying`, `-stop`, etc.

This is sometimes caused by a network or hardware hiccup on the machine running the bot, causing the script to think `voice` is a `NoneType` — in other words, the bot has somehow lost track of the voice channel, and can not reconnect. Usually this is best fixed by restarting the bot itself, so try to contact whoever is hosting viMusBot for you. This issue *should* be fairly rare, but if it's happening very often, you can [submit a new issue](https://github.com/svioletg/viMusBot/issues/new/choose) to bring this to my attention.